README.md, before:

# Installation

Our React package is available from npm. Simply install using a package manager of your choice.

Installation with npm:

```
npm install @getgrover/react-partner-widget --save
```

Installation with yarn:

```
yarn add @getgrover/react-partner-widget
```

---

# Set up

Import the component at the desired location:

```js
import GroverWidget from "@getgrover/react-partner-widget"
```

`GroverWidget` imports the original default design. Future releases will add more designs that can be selectively imported.

---

# Property Interface

In order to display the Grover button and apply agreed-upon recirculation rules, we'll need some data. Here's a list of all the props the component accepts:

`articleId` **Required** _String_: Pass your article ID so that we can match with the right product variant.

`accessToken` **Required** _String_: Authenticates and identifies your request.

`stockAbsolute` **Required** _Number_: See [Passing stock levels](#passing-stock-levels)

`stockEnumerated` **Required**  _String Enumeration_: See [Passing stock levels](#passing-stock-levels).

`locale` _String_: Language. Supports `de` and `en`. Defaults to `de`.

`eans` _Array of Strings_: Provide EANs associated with this product variant for improved matching.

`className` _String_: See [Customizing the design](#customizing-the-design)

`classNames` _Object_: See [Customizing the design](#customizing-the-design)

`moreInformationUrl` _String_: Link to open when user clicks "More Information". Links to Grover checkout page by default.

`deliveryDate` _Date String_: See [Passing Delivery estimates](#passing-delivery-estimates).

`deliveryTime` _Number_: See [Passing Delivery estimates](#passing-delivery-estimates)

`serverUrl` _String_: Override URL for Grover API. Defaults to `api.getgrover.com`. See [Testing and QA Environments](#testing-and-qa-environments)

`onButtonClick` _Function_: Called on rental button click with React SyntheticEvent parameter. Can be used for analytics.

#### Passing Stock Levels

Stock levels are required to decide if the button should be displayed, as well as for applying recirculation rules. You have the choice to pass stock levels either as an absolute value using the `stockAbsolute` property, or pass an enumeration using the `stockEnumerated` property. You need to provide either-or, otherwise, the widget won't display.

If you want to use enumerated values, import our stock enumeration value constants along with the component:

```js
import GroverWidget, { STOCK_LEVEL_ENUM } from "@getgrover/react-partner-widget"
```

Available enumerations are:

```js
const STOCK_LEVEL_ENUM = {
    low: 'low',
    medium: 'medium',
    high: 'high',
    none: 'none',
};
```

When initializing the component, map the values available to you onto these constants, then pass to the `stockEnumerated` property.

For example, let's say your API returns a stock level enumeration with the following possible values: `out-of-stock`, `few`, `some` or `lot`. You could set your mapping up like this:

```js
function mapStockValue(stockValue) {
    switch (stockValue) {
        case 'out-of-stock':
            return STOCK_LEVEL_ENUM.none;
        case 'lot':
            return STOCK_LEVEL_ENUM.high;
        case 'some':
            return STOCK_LEVEL_ENUM.medium;
        case 'few':
            return STOCK_LEVEL_ENUM.low;
        default:
            return null;
    }
}
```

Then, pass the translated enumeration to the component:

```js
stockEnumerated={{ mapStockValue(yourEnumeratedStockLevel) }}
```

#### Passing Delivery estimates

Delivery time estimates are required in order to fulfill some recirculation agreements. If you're unsure if you should pass this data, please ask your account manager. You have the choice to either pass an absolute delivery estimation date in the format `YYYY.MM.DD` to the `deliveryDate` property, or pass a relative amount of days from now to `deliveryTime`. For example, if your system estimates a delivery time of 3 days, pass `3`.

---

# Customizing the design

You can customize any element of the button flexibly. To do so, we allow you to add your own custom classes to any of the button's elements. That way, you can structure your CSS however you want, and just tell our component what classes to add.

#### Override elements in the component

Use the `classNames` property to specify what class names should be applied to what elements. Here's a list of the component's elements:

```js
classNames: PropTypes.shape({
        headerSection: PropTypes.string,
        headerText: PropTypes.string,
        moreInfoLink: PropTypes.string,
        priceContainer: PropTypes.string,
        price: PropTypes.string,
        discountPriceContainer: PropTypes.string,
        discountPrice: PropTypes.string,
        originalPrice: PropTypes.string,
        button: PropTypes.string,
        buttonIcon: PropTypes.string,
        buttonText: PropTypes.string,
    }),
```

<img src="/docs/assets/customize.png">

Let's say you want to change the background of the button to yellow, and the price to blue. Simply write your CSS classes anywhere like this:

```css
.custom-btn { /* class name can be anything you want */
  background-color: yellow;
}

.custom-price { /* class name can be anything you want */
  background-color: blue;
}
```

Then, let the component know what classes to apply to the button and price elements by specifying them in the `classNames` property:

```js
classNames={{ button: "custom-btn",
              price: "custom-price" }}
```

Your custom classes should now be applied.

#### Overriding the main container

If you want to override the component's main container, you'll need to pass the `className` property. That means that if you want to add a style to the whole widget as well as target specific elements, you'll need to pass both `className` (applied to the container) and `classNames` (applies specific classes to specific elements).

```js
className="custom-container-styles"
```

Let's say you want to put a maximum size of 400px on the whole component. Simply define your CSS class anywhere like this:

```css
.custom-container { /* class name can be anything you want */
    max-width: 400px;
}
```

Then, assign the `className` property:

```js
className="custom-container"
```

Your custom styles are now applied to the whole component.

# Testing and QA environments

We can provide you with special tokens for your QA and Staging environments. To set up a new environment, please contact us. We'll synchronize some Article IDs and set up some example products so that you can get testing.

In your testing environments, pass your special staging `accessToken`, and override the component's `serverUrl` to our staging API, hosted at `https://apist.getgrover.com/api/v1`.

# Development Guide

Development guide is [here](./docs/DEVELOPMENT_GUIDE.md).

Commit message:

New prop was added for bundle projects

README.md, after:

# Installation

Our React package is available from npm. Simply install using a package manager of your choice.

Installation with npm:

```
npm install @getgrover/react-partner-widget --save
```

Installation with yarn:

```
yarn add @getgrover/react-partner-widget
```

---

# Set up

Import the component at the desired location:

```js
import GroverWidget from "@getgrover/react-partner-widget"
```

`GroverWidget` imports the original default design. Future releases will add more designs that can be selectively imported.

---

# Property Interface

In order to display the Grover button and apply agreed-upon recirculation rules, we'll need some data. Here's a list of all the props the component accepts:

`articleId` **Required** _String_: Pass your article ID so that we can match with the right product variant.

`accessToken` **Required** _String_: Authenticates and identifies your request.

`stockAbsolute` **Required** _Number_: See [Passing stock levels](#passing-stock-levels)

`stockEnumerated` **Required**  _String Enumeration_: See [Passing stock levels](#passing-stock-levels).

`locale` _String_: Language. Supports `de` and `en`. Defaults to `de`.

`eans` _Array of Strings_: Provide EANs associated with this product variant for improved matching.

`className` _String_: See [Customizing the design](#customizing-the-design)

`classNames` _Object_: See [Customizing the design](#customizing-the-design)

`moreInformationUrl` _String_: Link to open when user clicks "More Information". Links to Grover checkout page by default.

`deliveryDate` _Date String_: See [Passing Delivery estimates](#passing-delivery-estimates).

`deliveryTime` _Number_: See [Passing Delivery estimates](#passing-delivery-estimates)

`serverUrl` _String_: Override URL for Grover API. Defaults to `api.getgrover.com`. See [Testing and QA Environments](#testing-and-qa-environments)

`onButtonClick` _Function_: Called on rental button click with React SyntheticEvent parameter. Can be used for analytics.

`hasBundle` _Boolean_: Its defined in case when Grover has a bundle campaign for that product

#### Passing Stock Levels

Stock levels are required to decide if the button should be displayed, as well as for applying recirculation rules. You have the choice to pass stock levels either as an absolute value using the `stockAbsolute` property, or pass an enumeration using the `stockEnumerated` property. You need to provide either-or, otherwise, the widget won't display.

If you want to use enumerated values, import our stock enumeration value constants along with the component:

```js
import GroverWidget, { STOCK_LEVEL_ENUM } from "@getgrover/react-partner-widget"
```

Available enumerations are:

```js
const STOCK_LEVEL_ENUM = {
    low: 'low',
    medium: 'medium',
    high: 'high',
    none: 'none',
};
```

When initializing the component, map the values available to you onto these constants, then pass to the `stockEnumerated` property.

For example, let's say your API returns a stock level enumeration with the following possible values: `out-of-stock`, `few`, `some` or `lot`. You could set your mapping up like this:

```js
function mapStockValue(stockValue) {
    switch (stockValue) {
        case 'out-of-stock':
            return STOCK_LEVEL_ENUM.none;
        case 'lot':
            return STOCK_LEVEL_ENUM.high;
        case 'some':
            return STOCK_LEVEL_ENUM.medium;
        case 'few':
            return STOCK_LEVEL_ENUM.low;
        default:
            return null;
    }
}
```

Then, pass the translated enumeration to the component:

```js
stockEnumerated={{ mapStockValue(yourEnumeratedStockLevel) }}
```

#### Passing Delivery estimates

Delivery time estimates are required in order to fulfill some recirculation agreements. If you're unsure if you should pass this data, please ask your account manager. You have the choice to either pass an absolute delivery estimation date in the format `YYYY.MM.DD` to the `deliveryDate` property, or pass a relative amount of days from now to `deliveryTime`. For example, if your system estimates a delivery time of 3 days, pass `3`.

---

# Customizing the design

You can customize any element of the button flexibly. To do so, we allow you to add your own custom classes to any of the button's elements. That way, you can structure your CSS however you want, and just tell our component what classes to add.

#### Override elements in the component

Use the `classNames` property to specify what class names should be applied to what elements. Here's a list of the component's elements:

```js
classNames: PropTypes.shape({
        headerSection: PropTypes.string,
        headerText: PropTypes.string,
        moreInfoLink: PropTypes.string,
        priceContainer: PropTypes.string,
        price: PropTypes.string,
        discountPriceContainer: PropTypes.string,
        discountPrice: PropTypes.string,
        originalPrice: PropTypes.string,
        button: PropTypes.string,
        buttonIcon: PropTypes.string,
        buttonText: PropTypes.string,
    }),
```

<img src="/docs/assets/customize.png">

Let's say you want to change the background of the button to yellow, and the price to blue. Simply write your CSS classes anywhere like this:

```css
.custom-btn { /* class name can be anything you want */
  background-color: yellow;
}

.custom-price { /* class name can be anything you want */
  background-color: blue;
}
```

Then, let the component know what classes to apply to the button and price elements by specifying them in the `classNames` property:

```js
classNames={{ button: "custom-btn",
              price: "custom-price" }}
```

Your custom classes should now be applied.

#### Overriding the main container

If you want to override the component's main container, you'll need to pass the `className` property. That means that if you want to add a style to the whole widget as well as target specific elements, you'll need to pass both `className` (applied to the container) and `classNames` (applies specific classes to specific elements).

```js
className="custom-container-styles"
```

Let's say you want to put a maximum size of 400px on the whole component. Simply define your CSS class anywhere like this:

```css
.custom-container { /* class name can be anything you want */
    max-width: 400px;
}
```

Then, assign the `className` property:

```js
className="custom-container"
```

Your custom styles are now applied to the whole component.

# Testing and QA environments

We can provide you with special tokens for your QA and Staging environments. To set up a new environment, please contact us. We'll synchronize some Article IDs and set up some example products so that you can get testing.

In your testing environments, pass your special staging `accessToken`, and override the component's `serverUrl` to our staging API, hosted at `https://apist.getgrover.com/api/v1`.

# Development Guide

Development guide is [here](./docs/DEVELOPMENT_GUIDE.md).
